Zoe you can of course buy dumpling
wrappers which are easy to get but it's
also pretty easy to make your own it
takes a bit longer to do but I'm gonna
show you how to make them hi grace what
I'll start with is two and a half cups
of plain flour which I'll put into the
bowl here as long as it's not self
raising because you wanted to stay nice
and flat
noted that I'm gonna add one cup of cold
water straight in the middle here like
this you can start mixing that around
nice and gently and some sesame oil I've
got a little bit of sesame all here a
better teaspoon is what your need in
there and also to season it up grab
about a teaspoon of salt to mix in there
now you sort of mix it through with a
wooden spoon to get it going but for me
I like to get my hands and the wooden
spoons good but I reckon you sort of get
in there and just sort of need it up
it's great isn't it
so I'll just move that around like that
and I'll just put this bowl aside and
I'll just give this a little bit of a
need on the board here like this so it
just sort of comes together
and it looks a little bit dry but as it
sits there it'll actually soften up a
little bit so all I'll do is pop the tea
towel on top of it and let it sit back
now we've got to make the filling I've
got some pork mince there which I'll get
you to put that straight into the bowl
here and with my knife I've seemed to
get some of these prawns and what I've
got is the prawns with their tails so
I'll just take little tails off like
that and if you can get that garlic
they're just about half a clove of
garlic on the fine grater
and the same with the ginger straight
into that bowl here you could use some
mushrooms in there it's you can sort of
build it up with whatever you want and
these prawns here were you know just
lying around the fridge so I thought I'd
chop them up and I'll chop them up like
this so they go all the way through it
really really well now what I've got
here is some Chinese cabbage and what I
do is I just shredded it nice and fine
and just so tight in the pan to be kind
of sauce sweeter then normal cabbage as
well it's a great cabbage you can do
anything with it you know and what I've
got here is some coriander you can put
as much in it as you want also to just
chop it up like this you know what
kaffir lime leaves in this beautiful
laughs there's kaffir lime leaves I
think they're just gorgeous in their
flavor and therefore some onion flavor
I've just got these spring onions I make
it really chunky and course you know it
doesn't need to be really fine but I
reckon this is sort of nice and rustic I
have her garlic chives really pungent
and strong but I reckon they go really
well
dumplings and that's why they mix that
around like that right it's insulting it
and have you put any soy sauce in there
yes I say if you grab the soy sauce I'll
put a pinch of salt in it about a
teaspoon or a key you don't need a lot
in there I've got some pepper here nice
and cause I love the Asian flavor with
pepper I think it really sort of sets
things off so that's the mixture there
now while I'm waiting for my dough to
rest just to keep everything nice to
safe we pop this in the fridge then
we'll clear this up then we'll roll out
our dough and we'll be ready to make our
pot sticking dumplings sounds like fun
have a look at this Zoey a little rest
so see that's nice and sort of soft and
much easy to work with and I roll it out
into a nice little log and what I'll do
is I'll just get some of this flour is
that rice flour or any flour just plain
flour once you've got into log like that
what I do is cut these little sort of
round pieces along and from the recipe
like this you'll get you know between
twenty and thirty dumplings depending on
how big you want them but I'll just show
you this so what I do is grab one of
these things here and with my thumb just
sort of dust it with a bit of flour
and just sort of push it out just gently
so it goes into a nice sort of brown all
the way again it is and I've also got
this thing which is a little piece of
dowel or you know a piece of broom
handle which you can cut off just don't
get caught cutting it off around my
house now
I'm gonna sort of leave it a little bit
sort of thick because I want to fry them
off and I want it to be nice and sort of
chunky and let's see how easy it is but
that little piece is done but I reckon
what you've made about ten or twenty of
these you'll sort of get the hang of it
really well the trick is when you're
doing them it's keep a little bit of
flour on your finger so it stops it from
sticking now you've got the Rathore
there now the thing is when you're using
pork and prawn raw meat like that
instead of living it on the bench you
know waiting for your dough to rest you
must put it in the fridge and keep it
nice and cold
now what we've got here is our little
dough and I'm just gonna grab about a
tablespoon of this and that little jug
over there you can pass me that little
jerk cuz that's what we're gonna use to
seal it and all I do is grab a little
bit of water here or vinegar or whatever
you want to use just around the outside
here and all you do is just sort of fold
it over like that nice and neatly and
with your finger sort of pinch it that
if I'd be making millions of these I'd
have a little way of folding them but I
like the little crescent shape because
look at that that's a great one Zoe so
all we need to do is make a
few more of these just spread them out
and the best way to do it is sort of
like a little production line sort of
thing so that you do a few once there we
go just a little teaspoon and you know
what
putting the garlic and ginger in there
is nice and healthy you know look at
that in no time at all we've managed to
put together a few little wonky
dumplings there we go the process now
and then in my pan here this is the way
we're going to cook them
I reckon a great way is what we call the
pot stickers okay where they're nice and
sort of crisp on one side and and they
sort of crunchy and we've got a little
bit of water and now I'll show you how
to do it and what I've got is my pan on
a medium heat and what I'll do is I'll
put some olive oil if you can pass me
that olive oil over there it's a bit
like the Japanese gyoza exactly the same
this is how you do it I'll put a little
bit of olive oil in there but you could
use vegetable oil peanut oil you know
and I've got some sesame all here so
I've put a couple of drops of that in
there that'll sort of flavor a lovely
good idea now the trick with these is
not to overcrowd the pan if you put too
many in and they stick together
there's nothing worse you want sort of
spread them around you just sort of
arrange them in the pan they're on a
medium issue sort of heat because you
don't want to get them too hot what you
want to do is actually fry them on the
outside till they become nice and crisp
on the bottom and then I'm gonna pour
some water in there just about a quarter
of a cup which will help to steam it and
cook the outside of the dumpling and
then I'll show you a little trick to
finish it off
there you go Zoe have a look at that
that looks like it's cooked to
perfection a little bit soft on one side
and crunchy on the other you know give
it a bit of a turnaround and all you do
is just pop that straight on the plate
like that what I'll do is I'll get one
of these and I'll just cut it in half so
so these excuse my fingers but I just
want to show show you exactly what I
mean the porks cooked the prawns cooked
to get that lovely dumpling I want you
to have a taste of that and I want you
to tell me what it's like oh it's hot
it's very hot mmm the pastry is much
thicker than I'm used to having but the
flavors are really lovely that's what
it's about just quick and easy dumplings
fried nice and crispy I can't wait to
try your steamed buns oh all right
they're gonna be a little lighter gonna
be delicious and we can compare the two
you